hey guys so if you hear a sound in the
background that's my washing machine
just ignore it if you guys know I have
an obsession with Disney and I also have
an obsession with postcards so today I
have a bunch of postcards to show you
Disney Easter 2014 and I got multiples
of all of these so if you guys write to
me you may possibly get some in your
post box and then this one with the
bunny ears I hope they're super cute and
then I guess this year's 31st
anniversary since last year was the 30th
and I got three first anniversary
postcard I think this design is so cute
it's Belle and Beast
I always thought his name is Adam but I
guess officially his name isn't Adam so
weird then I got some like ducky
postcards to show you guys and then I
had a new series of Princess series so
first one is Rapunzel and I think this
design is so cute and then the head of
Cinderella one and on area one and I
love this one I got my own collection
actually I got my collection so those
are the postcards I got and like I said
I got multiples so write to me guys and
I also got the CDs Disney spring voyage
this is a Disney sea one it has three
tracks and I'm obsessed with Easter in
New York best show ever
and Disney Easter there's Donald he's
and this is a new show this year a
new Easter show hippie hoppity
springtime and the music is great I
think the shows are up on youtube so you
can google those titles and check them
out so that is my small Disney Hall but
I'm excited with everything that I got
CDs of course and the postcards so I
guess you didn't know I have my own p.o
box now and I'll link it down below you
guys can check out all the stuff about
it and write to me if you want and I'll
be randomly replying to you guys so you
never know you may get one of these in
your phone's box yeah
so thanks so much for watching I'll see
you guys next time bye